Lu Yao
Some things can't be settled with money
Or 5 million
What does he want?
Congratulations to Boss Xi for obtaining the legendary game agency
Hold on, I 5.50 million more than he paid 5 million
Shouldn't the agency be mine?
I don't think you understand the situation yet
Today, as long as it is the game that Boss Shi wants
That's Boss Shi
Lu Yao
What are you fighting me with?
Ah!
Manager Tian is so unruly
You are very ignorant
I said yes sir
Yes, sir.
Manager Jin, you do this
Violating normal commercial bidding rules
Money is the rule
Don't let you two rustic people here
Surprise is the greatest illness
Hey
Lu Yao
Did you hear it?
Ah, damn it, most of them said so
You hurry up and take your little bear.
Get out of here
Shi Tianzong, Shi Tianzong
It seems that I was
You shouldn't leave your breath to the Shi family
Otherwise you wouldn't be like a fly now
Wow, buzzing around.